(Issue 691) OM3 config doc splurge Aug 2025 PR (#694)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs: documentation/docs/pages/Contributing.md

## Getting involved in ACCESS-OM3

There are several ways we welcome feedback and contributions on ACCESS-OM3 development.

> 

Reviewer: high level summary ?

all models and configurations are open source , we follow an open development model led by ACCESS-NRI and building on the work of COSIMA, and international modelling consortia ?

### Interact with developers in person

> If you would like to interact in person with [the development team](https://www.access-nri.org.au/ocean-model-team/), we have fortnightly technical working group meetings on Wednesdays at 3pm. They are announced [here](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/cosima-twg-announce/401/69) (subscribe to this thread for notifications) and the 2025 minutes are [here](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/cosima-twg-meeting-minutes-2025/4067/18). Everyone is welcome to suggest agenda items and participate.

Reviewer: Can we generalise the minutes link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to interact in person with [the development team](https://www.access-nri.org.au/ocean-model-team/), we have fortnightly technical working group meetings on Wednesdays at 3pm. They are announced [on the access hive forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/cosima-twg-announce/401/69) (subscribe to this thread for notifications) and the meeting minutes are [in the TWG category](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/c/cosima/twg/39). Everyone is welcome to suggest agenda items and participate.
```

Author: Okay that's the "less specific" option.
